So you can see that I amended the content script indexed file.
So here just write console.log.
In order to update it, you can just click on this refresh button.
Now, whenever I refresh the page, I can deface a web page and I can see Hello World here.
So.
So this means how the content script is working.
So let's add a user interface.
We'll go to first and we will add one action here for the pop up.
So let's start with our HTML code.
We will write Hello World and let's see what happens.
You can see we're not getting anything.
So we have to refresh the page, the extension.
And now you can see we are getting Hello World.
So now we are getting Hello World in our puppet.
Just read this and you can see that Hello world is the.
So what do we have to do?
We have to add the DJs file for this pop up.
So how can we either file for this pop up?
Let's see.
So here we will mention pop up DJs.
So I'll go to HTML and I will add a link for this script.
So you can see that to start recognizing, recognizing this popular jazz.
That is because we have to mention this JavaScript file in the section of content scripts.
So now it will recognize the PowerPoint file because we have mentioned it in the manifest.
So you update on the extension and now you can see that we have popular filed.
Now.
It's very interesting.
So let's just create a simple user interface instead of this one.
And I'm going to use Edge five here, or let it be at six.
And here I will be using.
Manage chrome tabs.
See if this and updated
and now you can see getting this manage chrome tabs now that that size is very small.
So we have to the size of this pop up as well.
So we are going to create CSS file
and this SS file will also have to be mentioned in the manifest.
So for that, we're going to create this.
And here this will be style starts.
Yes.
So just save this and we have to add this and link it in the HTML header.
So to save this.
So it's hard for the body.
Actually, this should be.
Yeah.
This would be a minimum, right?
Actually, not Max worth.
Yeah.
So now you can see the changes.
We are getting a much bigger pop up.